How thrilled we were at last year's annual meeting to receive a new publication, Enjoy Life Forever, an interactive Bible course.
Already, many publishers are having success in conducting progressive studies using this new tool.
As you listen to experiences from around the world, note the evidence of Jehovah's blessing.
When they made the announcement of the new publication for me, it was just pure excitement.
Actually, I was so overjoyed that I kept going to the website around the time of the release,
and at times I would have been refreshed my browser a few times a day to see when it was out.
Having all the teaching methods right in our hands, what more can we ask for?
We're so excited that during this pandemic, Jehovah has given us something to energize our ministry.
When you heard that we would be using a new method for conducting studies, were you a bit hesitant?
A close attention to what experienced teachers are saying about the benefits of this approach.
Before, it wasn't uncommon to hear students start their comments with expressions like the paragraph says or as the book mentions, now it's not like that.
In the old way of teaching, it was a bit difficult for me to discern if my Bible students really understood what they were learning or if the truth reached their hearts.
I think I was using too many additional points to convey one idea and just explaining too much.
So, my Bible students would get even more confused.
With some well-educated people, the studies were in a sense too easy for them.
They found the answer very easily from the paragraph and were able to answer correctly, but it was very hard to know what they really thought about the matter.
With this new book, it seems like it is easier to see the person's genuine thoughts on the matter.
In the previous method, you would see the student looking at the book a lot, but that doesn't happen now.
When you look at the student, you can tell he's thinking about the answer instead of looking for the answer.
They used to enjoy the Bible study in the past, but now they enjoy it much more.
Now, they are able to keep focused from the beginning to the end of our session.
They feel motivated and closer to Jehovah.
To reach the heart of a Bible student, we need to understand what he's thinking and feeling.
How does the Enjoy Life Forever book help us to do that?
One of the things I love about it is how after we read the Bible verse,
there is the questions that follow it that are perfectly free for us.
It really engages our students' hearts and it helps them to understand the Bible teachings right away and helps us to see what's in their heart as well.
It lets the student express what is in his heart, which allows us to help him.
The first time I looked through this publication, I could already see how appealing its format is.
There were no lengthy paragraphs and it was prepared in a very interactive way.
With this new method, I definitely talk less. My students talk more.
And the one that starts it all off, the introduction video, it just makes everything fit together.
And one of the amazing things that it introduces right away is the prayer.
Because often as a teacher, we didn't know exactly when to introduce prayer or how to do it, but the video doesn't for us.
There are some people who say the feature is very effective.
So when the student is able to answer the question and sometimes even add a scripture, I told them, you know, that could have been in the ministry.
Obviously, teachers are excited about the new book, but what impact is it having on their students?
Bible students have been pleasantly surprised. I asked one student how they felt to be using this new publication.
And the response was, why didn't we do this sooner? It's great. I'm a lot calmer.
Another student told me that she was relieved to no longer have to find the answers, but rather express her thoughts and feelings.
During our discussion of the dig deeper section in lesson two, my Bible student really appreciated the scriptures and the beautiful artwork.
He said that he could already see himself in paradise enjoying the many promises of Jehovah.
He said that our discussion made him feel Jehovah's love.
With the students, they're not so overwhelmed with the new book when we asked them to prepare the lesson.
With the Bible Teachbook, when we would ask them to prepare these paragraphs, it was like you asked them to go to the dentist.
They just seemed so intimidated by it, but now they smile and they're like, okay, I can do that.
One student in particular, he wrote in the gold box, because I want to share the points from this lesson with my friends and work colleagues within a week, and he did.
One of the videos that was really effective was the one from lesson four, my search for the true God.
It shows the experience of Sister Sotan Yuan. My students were deeply moved. They really felt Jehovah's love for them and wanted to speak with him.
They felt motivated to pray.
We were studying the first lesson with an 83-year-old lady when he came across Matthew chapter 7, verse 7.
She read it in her own Bible, and at first, she didn't quite understand it.
Then we pounded over the verse together with a question, and then all of a sudden she asked,
Oh, does this verse mean that I should dig for the answers in the Bible myself? Instead of asking a priest, it was quite a special moment.
The video for Learn to Enjoy Bible Reading was very helpful for one young man. After watching it, he set the goal of reading the Bible every day.
With one Bible student, we had encouraged him to become an unbaptized publisher in the previous study book.
And now when we were in lesson two of our new study, a publication, he expressed the desire to become an unbaptized publisher
because he felt he could share one or two points from each lesson with his friends and others that he knew.
And so now he's approved and is doing very well in the ministry.
Thanks to this new book, I now conduct 15 Bible studies. The book helps them to maintain the desire and motivation to keep learning about Jehovah, his beautiful qualities, and the future that awaits us.
Clearly, our worldwide brotherhood is excited to use Enjoy Life Forever. What a tremendous gift from Jehovah.
And then of all the facets of our ministry, without a question, conducting a progressive Bible study is the most satisfying aspect.
And now we have the tool and the method to make it much easier.
I'm very grateful for this tool. It really helps us to sense how close the governing body recognizes we are to the end.
But in no way feels like a rushed program. The heart is definitely being reached gently and lovingly.
And then that is what motivates quickly.
Try and introduce it as much as you can. Start those Bible studies.
And when you do, please invite me to join in on your new Bible study.
This book makes Bible teaching very simple and enjoyable.
And I am convinced that everyone who tries it will love it.
The new book Enjoy Life Forever shows clearly that the faith on the street slave has been, is, and will continue to give exactly what we need and exactly the right time.
This publication has the potential to help many more honest-hearted ones come to know and love our wonderful father, Jehovah.
May he bless you and your Bible students as you put to use this new tool.